[Music]
on a Greek island twenty-year-old
bride-to-be Sophie reveals to her
bridesmaids that she has secretly
invited three men to her wedding without
telling her mother Donna they are the
men that her mother's diary reveals
could have been her father Irish
American architect Sam Carmichael
Swedish adventurer and writer Bill
Anderson and British banker Harry bright
she dreams of being given away by her
father at her wedding and believes that
after she spend some time with them she
will know which one of them is her
father Sophie's mother Donna who owns a
villa as ecstatic to reunite with her
former dynamos bandmates Rosie and Tanya
and reveals she has baffled at her
daughter's desire to get married
the three men arrive and Sophie smuggles
them to their room she doesn't reveal
that she believes one of them as her
father but does explain the sheet and
not her mother sent the invitations she
begs them to hide so Donna will be
surprised they overhear Donna working
and swear not her reveal Sophie secret
Donna accidentally sees the three men
and is dumbfounded to find herself
facing former lovers demanding they
leave she confides in Tanya and Rosie
that she truly does not know which of
the three bothered Sophie so he finds
the men aboard Bill's yacht and they
sail around the island telling stories
of Donna's carefree youth Sophie plans
to tell her fiance Skye about her ploy
but loses her nerve Skye and Sophie sing
to each other but Skye is abducted for
his bachelor party at Sophie's
bachelorette party Donna
Tanya and rosy performed when Sam bill
and Harry arrived
Sophie decides to talk with each of them
alone while her girlfriends dance with
the men Sophie learns from bill that
Donna received the money for her Villa
from his great aunt Sophia Sophie
guesses that she must have been named
after Sophia she asks him to give her
away and keep their secret until the
wedding
Sophie's happiness is short-lived as Sam
and Harry each pull her aside to tell
her they're her father and will give her
away
Sophie overwhelmed by the consequences
of raising the hopes of all three
fathers faints in the morning Rosie and
Tanya share Donna they will take care of
the men bill and Harry intend to tell
each other what they learned the
previous night but Rosie interrupts them
Donna confronts Sophie believing Sophie
wants the wedding stopped Sophie says
that all she wants us to avoid her
mother's mistakes
samih costs Donna concerned about Sophie
getting married so young Donna confronts
him and they realized they still have
feelings for each other Sophie confesses
to Skye and asks for his help he reacts
angrily to Sophie's deception and she
turns to her mother for support as Donna
helps her daughter dress for the wedding
their rift is healed and Donna Reve
this is about Sophie's childhood Donna
admits her mother disowned her when she
became pregnant
Sophie asks Donna to give her away as
the bridal party walks to the chapel
Sam intercepts Donna who reveals the
pain she felt over losing him
Sophie and Donna walked down the aisle
as the band plays Donna tells Sophie and
all gathered that her father could be
any of the three men Sam reveals that
while he left on it to get married he
did not go through with it but returned
to find Donna with another man the men
do not want paternity confirmed agreeing
to be one third of a father for Sophie
she tells sky they should postpone their
wedding and travel the world
Sam proposes to Donna she accepts and
they are immediately married at the
reception
Sam sings to Donna and rosy makes a play
for Bill the couple's proclaim their
love Sophie and sky sail away
[Music]